W-14809398 - RPA Manager release notes 2024-01/1. (#329)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/release-notes/rpa-manager-release-notes.adoc

RPA Manager is the cloud-based control plane for your automation projects.

[[january-15-2024]]
== January 15, 2024

// == What's New
include::partial$release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=whatsNew,leveloffset=+2]

> * Beside unassigned assets a user is able to reassign already assigned assets between users. (W-13512244)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can now reassign assets from one user to another.
```

// == Fixed Issues
include::partial$release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=fixedIssues,leveloffset=+2]

[%header,cols="6a,1a"]
|===
|Issue Resolution |ID

> | A republish of a process to Anypoint Exchange now updates the asset's description. | W-11865540

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Republishing a process to Anypoint Exchange now updates the asset's description. | W-11865540
```

| Deleting a test plan in a process' test phase no longer revokes all other test plans. | W-14665127

> | A user can now be removed from a process' test plan in the test phase. | W-14666270

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| You can now remove a user from a process' test plan in the test phase. | W-14666270
```

> | The *Bots* tab in a scheduled or invokable run configuration now shows tooltips while hovering over the indicator preceding the RPA Bot's name. | W-14686687

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The *Bots* tab in a scheduled or invokable run configuration now shows tooltips while hovering the indicator preceding the RPA Bot's name. | W-14686687
```
